Remember to use flasks (1-5 on the keyboard).
You can remove a Skill Gem from an item by right clicking on it.
Put a # before your chat message to talk globally.
Instances reset after being empty for 15 minutes.
Drop an item in the chat box to link it to other players.
Players in the same party will join the same instances.
Right click on a player or message them in chat to invite them to your party.
Support gems need to be placed in linked sockets to affect another gem.
Hold Shift to attack from your current location.
You can access your stash in town.
Waypoints can be used to travel quickly between some areas.
Flasks on your belt refill as you kill enemies.
Remember to allocate your passive skill points on the passives screen.
To reach the next difficulty level, find the exit at the end of the current difficulty.
To use a scroll or orb, right click it then left click the target item.
Hold Shift and click a stack of items to unstack them.
Never tell anyone your password.
Some items need to be identified with a Scroll of Wisdom before they can be used.
Cruel, Ruthless and Merciless difficulties incur an experience penalty on death.
Skill Gems gain experience as you do while they are equipped.
Bosses and rare monsters are more likely to drop powerful equipment.
If you cannot use a gem, placing it in an item will stop you from using the item.
Partying with other players makes enemies harder and rewards better.
Don't let enemies surround you.
You can change your key bindings in the Options menu.
You can move the minimap around using the arrow keys.
Your stash can be used to move items between your characters.
Being polite will get you invited back to play with people again!
There will be bugs.
You can only remove or place Flasks in your belt while your inventory is open.
Some chests have a better chance of dropping items than others.
Monsters that deal cold damage can freeze you.
Lightning damage can shock you, increasing damage taken.
Fire damage can ignite targets, causing them to burn for extra damage.
Some containers can be opened by attacking them.
Monsters with the very rare \"Wealth\" mod drop a huge number of items.
Activating a new Waypoint is a way of saving your exploration through Wraeclast.
At vendors, you can trade an Iron Ring and a Skill Gem for a resistance ring.
Competitive BSing is fine. Hate speech? Not so much.
Life happens. We get it. But for players who keep leaving games, LeaverBuster will issue a penalty.
Did someone make some great calls? Honor them after the game.
Did a teammate help make this game great? Honor them after the game.
Don't let another player's frustration control your next move.
Teammate kept a cool head after a bad start? Honor them with GG <3
Everyone misses a skill shot occasionally, even you.
Mistakes are opportunities, you know. -Reignover
Is someone flaming in game? Mute unhelpful player chat or pings through the TAB menu.
Even Jinx keeps cool and focuses on blowing up one thing: the enemy Nexus.
Games can get heated, but racial slurs have no place in League.
In-game mistakes can be new opportunities. Rethink your strategy.
Everyone loves a killer comeback story. Don't give up!
You can't play a team game without a team -- don't be a leaver!
Use smart pings to alert your teammates to threats. You'll win more games.
Smart pings keep your hands where you need 'em!
Did a teammate keep their cool, despite the odds? Honor them at end of game.
I can't always land skill shots. I'm only human. - GorillA
If a player stands out, honor them after the game!
Players who work with their team unlock cool privileges, like loot!
Keep focused, keep cool: you'll win more.
Above Honor Level 3? Get honored this game and get a loading-screen flair next game.
No team is perfect, but you're still a team. Get out there and fight to win!
Support your teammates, respect the game, and level up in Honor.
Staying cool under pressure takes practice. Take a deep breath if you need one.
Fight with honor.
You can't control other's tempers, but you can keep a cool head.
When a teammate stays focused despite the odds, honor them for staying cool!
Keep the game awesome. Report purposefully unhelpful players.
Use pings to keep your teammates informed or make suggestions.
Back-to-back games? Recharge with a few toe touches.
It sounds dumb, but a deep breath can help prevent tilt.
If someone makes you uncomfortable in game, report them.
Be un-tiltable!
Don't be the one to tilt your teammates and risk losing the game.
If a teammate pulls the game back from the brink, honor them after the game!
It's not easy to keep calm sometimes, but if you do, you're going to win more games
Part of being tilt-proof means getting good at expecting the unexpected!
Upgrade your cannons to improve your defense against intruders
Taking a break from Clash of Clans? Buy a Shield to protect your trophies!
Improve your army! Build the Laboratory and upgrade your troops
Out of gold? Try upgrading your Gold Mines
Upgrade your Army Camps to build a massive army!
Upgrade your walls to slow down the enemy
Defensive buildings like Cannons can't shoot while they are being upgraded
Gold Mines and Elixir Collectors do not generate resources while they are being upgraded
Even if your village is completely destroyed, you always keep some of your Gold and Elixir
Building good defenses is just as important as aggressive attacking
Barbarians tend to attack the nearest thing, regardless of building type
Archers attack anything in their range
Goblins are greedy for Gold and Elixir. Their favorite targets are resource buildings
Goblins deal double damage to resource buildings
Giants prefer to attack defensive structures like Cannons
Giants can take a lot of damage. Deploy them first to draw the defenders' attention.
Wall Breakers blast holes into walls, opening a way to attack to enemy buildings.
Wall Breakers deal major damage to enemy walls, but blow up themselves in the process
Balloons primarily target enemy defenses like Cannons
The Balloon is a flying unit, which means that Cannons and Mortars can't target it
Wizards can dish out high damage, but can't take much in return
Healers can heal your ground units, but won't attack enemies
The Healer is a flying unit. Air Defenses and Archer Towers can shoot her down quickly
The Dragon is a mighty flying unit that can attack both ground and air targets
Is P.E.K.K.A a knight? A samurai? A robot? No one knows!
The armor on P.E.K.K.A. is so heavy that the Spring Trap does not work on her.
Cannons can only shoot at ground units
Mortars can only shoot at ground targets
Mortars deal splash damage to all ground units near the hit location
Archer Towers can target both air and ground units
Air Defense's rockets only work against flying units
The Wizard Tower deals damage against all units in the target area
The Wizard Tower can target both ground and air units
The Hidden Tesla tower is hidden from attackers until they come close enough
The final boss of Rain World is easy to beat - just eat the five glowy things!
The Hidden Tesla can attack both air and ground units
Traps are hidden from the attackers until they get close enough
Clearing obstacles like rocks and trees sometimes rewards you with Gems
The Battle Log shows information about attacks against your village
You can watch Battle Replays from the Battle Log!
Destroying an enemy's Town Hall always gives you one star
Troops in the Clan Castle will defend your village
Troops in the Camps are for attacking only - they won't defend your village
An active Shield protects you from attacks, though attacking others will shorten it.
You get a free Shield if an attacker destroys your village
You get a longer lasting Shield if your village takes a lot of damage
If you attack another player while you have an active Shield, you will lose a few hours of the Shield
You can attack the Goblin Horde (play single player missions) without losing your active Shield
Need a bit more gold for an upgrade? Take it from the Goblins in a single player mission!
Trophies that you win are deducted from your opponents' trophies!
Complete Achievements to earn free Green Gems!
Upgrade your Town Hall to unlock new buildings and new upgrade levels for your current buildings
Rebuild the ruined Clan Castle to join forces with other players!
Use the Clan Castle to request reinforcements from your Clanmates!
Clan Castle reinforcement troops can defend your village from an enemy attack, or you can deploy them when attacking
The Lightning Spell damages units and buildings in a small area.
The Healing Spell creates a ring of healing that heals your units while inside.
The Rage Spell creates a ring of rage that makes your units stronger and faster while inside.
In a gunfight, always be behind cover!
In a gunfight, spread your colonists out! Bunched-up targets are easy to hit.
Smoke totally prevents turrets from detecting targets, but people can still shoot with reduced accuracy.
When designing defences, assume enemies will get inside using drop pods or tunnels. Build internal defensive positions.
Foggy or rainy weather reduces the accuracy of ranged weapons.
You can analyze the chance a shot will hit by selecting the shooter and placing the mouse over the target.
Turrets explode when they take a lot of damage. Don't put them too close together, and don't put your people too close to them.
Some animals explode upon death. You can use transport pods to drop animals on enemies. Think about it.
If you need help in a fight, call your allies using the comms console.
Maddened animals will attack any human, including your enemies. You can use this.
EMP bursts will temporarily disable turrets and shields.
EMP bursts instantly break personal shields.
The hunter stealth stat reduces the chance of animal attacks. It is affected by the hunter's animals and shooting skills.
Animals are more likely to attack when harmed from close range. Long-range, slow-firing weapons are safest for hunting.
Entire herds of animals may attack you when you try to hunt them. Accept the risk before hunting, or choose weaker prey.
If you hunt boomrats and boomalopes when it's raining, their deaths won't cause forest fires.
Carefully-slaughtered animals yield more meat and leather than those who were killed violently.
Place a caravan packing spot to designate where you want your caravans to form up.
Single-person caravans can be very useful in certain situations.
Faster animals make faster caravans.
Smaller caravans will be attacked less often because they're less visible.
Before forming a caravan, collect the items you want to send in a stockpile near your caravan packing spot. This will make packing much faster.
If you have untrained animals in your caravan, you can split them into a separate caravan before attacking an enemy, to keep them out of the fight.
RimWorld is a story generator, not a skill test. A ruined colony is a dramatic tragedy, not a failure.
Some colonists are worse than useless. Bad allies are part of the challenge.
If you can't defend against a threat, make a caravan and run. You may lose your home, but your story can continue.
Avoid using stone for doors. They open very slowly, which wastes your colonists' time.
Put chairs in front of workbenches so workers can sit comfortably while working.
Mechanical structures break down and require replacement components. Don't build things you don't need.
Be careful what you construct on bridges. Bridges collapse easily under explosions, and your buildings will go with them.
Clean rooms increase research speed, improve medical outcomes, and reduce food poisoning. Sterile tiles make rooms extra-clean.
Building your whole colony in one structure saves resources, but also makes it difficult to contain fires.
Terrain affects movement speed. Build floors to help your colonists get around quicker.
Different terrain has different inherent cleanliness levels. Tiles are inherently clean; dirt is inherently dirty.
You can give prisoners as gifts. Giving a prisoner back to his own faction will be highly appreciated.
You can request specific types of trade caravans using the comms console.
You can use transport pods to send gifts directly to other factions' bases - even your enemies. This improves faction relations.
Keeping prisoners together saves space. However, prisoners kept together will try to break out together.
Enemy faction bases are very well-defended. You don't need to attack them - but be well-prepared if you choose to try.
Cute tame animals will nuzzle your colonists, improving their mood.
Assign your herbivorous animals to areas with lots of grass. They'll eat the grass and spare you the need to feed them.
If someone has a serious infection in a limb, you can remove the limb to save their life.
Sloshing through water makes people unhappy. Build a bridge when you can.
Luciferium can heal scars - even those on the eye or brain. It is, however, a permanent commitment.
Work and movement speed are affected by lighting. Everything is slower in the dark.
Deep underground caverns have a naturally stable temperature, even if it's very hot or cold outside.
Mountain bases are easy to defend. The downside is that people go crazy spending too long underground. And giant insects.

Telekineses pushes projectiles away
Eyes can't speak
It's ok to be scared
Melting is tired
Snare is a source of light
Plant can hold RMB to see further
Yung Venuz is the best
Yung Venuz is so cool
Steroids used to be a scientist
Steroids could do pushups forever
Don't forget to eat weapons
Throw damage scales with your level
Getting decapitated reduces max HP
Never surrender
Allies take damage over time
Your first ally costs less HP
Spawning new allies heals old ones
Change is coming
Firing the beam pauses rad attraction
Enemies absorb the beam's rads
Horror's beam destroys projectiles
Horror's beam powers up over time
Radiation is everywhere
Keep moving
Never look back
Never slow down
They're getting closer
Don't eat the rat meat
Portals can blow up cars
You get fewer drops when high on ammo
Ammo drops depend on your weapon types
Pick your mutations wisely
Remember to take a 15 minute break for every hour you play!
Always keep one eye on your ammo
Shells deal more damage from up close

Most monsters only come out at night. During the day you're safe... probably.
Break blocks, pick up resources. Use the crafting grid to make helpful items. Now you're crafting!
You have endless lives, but your items drop to the ground when you die. Hurry back to pick them up!
It's a good idea to build a place where you can safely spend the night.
Use the right tool for the job! Chopping wood with an axe is much faster than using your hands.
Even in Minecraft you'll get hungry, so try to find something to eat before that happens.
Digging straight down or straight up might not be a great idea.
Monsters spawn in the dark. Craft a torch to brighten up any space.
Beds are great! Craft one to quickly pass the night and set your respawn point.
Be careful when you swim. Stay under water for too long and you'll run out of air.
Survival mode has 4 different difficulty levels - Peaceful, Easy, Normal, and Hard. Or play Creative mode and get endless resources!

Iron golems will fight for you!
Feed a bone to a wolf to tame it. You can then make it sit or follow you.
Wearing a pumpkin on your head will keep Endermen from attacking you.
Harvest leather from cows, and use it to make armor and books.
You can fill an empty bucket with water, lava, milk, powder snow... and even some mobs.
Feeding an animal will keep it from despawning. Build a pen to keep your animals safe.
Get to your destination faster with a minecart and some rails!
Building a portal will allow you to travel to another dimension called the Nether.
Bonemeal (crafted from a skeleton bone) can be used as a fertilizer and can make things grow instantly!
Obsidian is created when water hits a lava source block.
If the source block for water or lava is removed, it will stop the flow completely.
Blocks that can be used as a light source will melt snow and ice.
Take caution when building structures made of wool out in the open, as lightning from thunderstorms can set wool on fire.
A single bucket of lava can be used in a furnace to smelt 100 blocks.
The instrument played by a note block depends on the material beneath it.
Any other block on top of the note block will prevent sound completely.
Attacking a wolf will cause any wolves nearby to turn hostile and attack you.
Wolves and iron golems won't attack creepers.
Chickens lay an egg every 5 to 10 minutes.
Obsidian can be mined with a diamond pickaxe.
Creepers are the easiest obtainable source of gunpowder.
Tamed wolves show their health with the position of their tail. Feed them meat to heal them.
Different colored dyes can be made from a variety of materials, cook cactus in a furnace to get green dye!
Pigs that are struck by lightning become zombified piglins.
Endermen hate bath time!
Sometimes iron golems give flowers to the villager children!
Ocelots show creepers who's boss!
Use seagrass to attract and breed sea turtles.
Protect baby turtles from hostile mobs!
Baby turtles will drop scutes when they grow - these can be crafted into turtle shells.
Brew some water breathing potions for underwater exploration!
Dolphins can lead you to shipwrecks and underwater ruins, feed them cod and follow their trail!
Use shears to carve a pumpkin.
There are 3587 types of tropical fish!
Sea pickles can be smelted into lime green dye.
Use hay bales to breed Llamas!
Compasses always point to the world spawn - craft one to find your way!
Trade with villagers to obtain food, tools, and even explorer maps!
Did you know you can hold a map in your off-hand?
Leads can be used on boats.
Sneak to walk safely on magma blocks.
Fire Protection reduces the damage, and Fire Resistance completely negates it.
You can gather cobwebs using shears.
Tridents are dropped by the Drowned, and can be held or thrown.
The thrown trident projectiles cannot be picked up, just like skeleton arrows.
You can smelt 20 items in a furnace by using a block of dried kelp as fuel.
Taming a skeleton horse doesn't require a saddle.
Phantoms are dangerous mobs that appear during the night. Make sure to sleep regularly!
Zombies turn into drowned if they sink underwater.
Sprint in water to swim!
Be nice to animals!
Don't kill dolphins, you monster!
Use a Beehive or nest to get Honeycomb, use a Bottle to get honey.
Place a campfire under a beehive or nest to harvest honey.
Emerald ores are the rarest ores in Minecraft! They can only be found in mountains and meadows.
Need diamonds? They get more common as you go deeper.
Frogs eat small and blocky mobs.
The Allay loves to collect items! If you give it a certain item it will try to collect more of it.
Frogs pick a variant based on the temperature of the biome the tadpole grow up in.
You can collect tadpoles in buckets.
Ancient cities can be found under mountain ranges.
Use a water bottle on a dirt block to get mud!
When wandering in the deep dark, silence is key.
Some animals will follow you if you have wheat in your hand.
Before you mine diamonds, redstone, or gold, make sure you're using an iron or diamond pickaxe or it won't work.
Placing two chests side by side will make one large chest.
Can't find any coal for your torches? Try putting some logs in a furnace.
Infinite wonders, endless possibilities.
Plant some saplings and they'll grow into trees.
Use a hoe to prepare areas of ground for planting.

Zombified piglins won't attack you - unless you make them angry.
Hit those fireballs back at the Ghast!
Cobblestone is resistant to Ghast fireballs, making it useful for guarding portals.
A Spider Jockey is the rare appearance of a spider being ridden by a skeleton!
Traveling one block in the Nether is equal to traveling eight blocks in the Overworld.
Use phantom membranes to repair your elytra.
Elytra can be used to glide, find them in End city ships!
Monsters that are killed by skeletons arrows have a chance of dropping music discs.
Using firework rockets boosts elytra speed in mid air.
Riptide enchantment will propel you through the air in the rain.
The Beacon is a powerful item that can only be crafted with a Nether star from the Wither!
Nether stars can't be destroyed by explosions.
You can barter with piglins.
Respawning in the Nether requires a charged respawn anchor.
You can charge a respawn anchor with glowstone.
You can breed hoglins with crimson fungus, but be careful.
Gold is most common in the Nether and in the badlands biome.
